fix(ingest/bigquery): All View generation when queries_v2 is turned off (#12181)
datahub-project/datahub: docs/how/updating-datahub.md

## Next
- #12191 - Configs `include_view_lineage` and `include_view_column_lineage` are removed from snowflake ingestion source. View and External Table DDL lineage will always be ingested when definitions are available.

> - #12181 - Configs `include_view_lineage` and `include_view_column_lineage` are removed from bigquery ingestion source. View and Snapshot lineage will always be ingested when definitions are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #12181 - Configs `include_view_lineage`, `include_view_column_lineage` and `lineage_parse_view_ddl` are removed from bigquery ingestion source. View and Snapshot lineage will always be ingested when definitions are available.
```

> - #12181 - Configs `include_view_lineage` and `include_view_column_lineage` are removed from bigquery ingestion source. View and External Table DDL lineage will always be ingested when definitions are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #12181 - Configs `include_view_lineage` and `include_view_column_lineage` are removed from bigquery ingestion source. View and Snapshot lineage will always be ingested when definitions are available.
```
